We are here to talk about functional design. Now hopefully we've all got a better idea from than we did leaving the last meeting as to what it is we are up to now. So here's an agenda. you should know that I'll be taking minutes during all the meetings,. and that'll be easier for me now because I'm not actually giving the whole presentation. the additional points are just the stuff that we sent and that I forwarded on from upper management having a few bright ideas to make our lives painful. now you can all give your presentations. We can talk about the requirements. and hopefully come to some decisions. did you all receive that email? So does anyone have any overall
Well what comes up for me is that if we're gonna if we're gonna be marketing a product that is going to be having no teletext, people are very comfortable with the idea of having teletext and using teletext, and so we're not we're gonna be a new product without something that people are very comfortable having right now. What are we gonna have that makes this thing better than
Well tha that first point could also be an op opportunity. because in seeing that teletext is becoming outdated, some sort remote control that can work with the Internet there is the opportunity that's presented, I guess.
Right. Yeah. No, I I agree with you. So what I'm talking about is I see that one side we're eliminating something so we have to come up with another side. which is, what are we gonna be targeting our market that identifies our product as better than because it doesn't have teletext it has ta-ta-ta-ta-ta.
But but we are sort of being dictated that this should only be for the television. So we're quite fixed. So we're really probably, in terms of marketing, are looking for that's that's a cost winner rather than a fantastic new feature product.
So we're gonna be removing the teletext out of any TV that we people use our remote with. So it's kind of a stupid decision.
We really have to innovate here I guess.
'cause somebody, some people are gonna be hap unhappy. 'cause it took they can't ac access their teletext. 'Cause we're talking about eighty percent or ninety percent or ninety-five percent of the televisions out there are are teletext. It's just when we eliminate that then what do we bring?
I think that the last point is probably quite straightforward. Obviously the the it has to be branded.
So then the double will be our our
Can you handle that black and yellow?
I think, yeah, one of the things that we should also keep in mind when we're doing this I mean our company's slogan is we put the fashion in electronics, right. So I think our kind of our target here is to have some kind of very like sleek nice look remote. but I think one of the main selling points is that we don't want it to be clunky like like this thing here. We want something that looks nice and it's fashionable and so
So we have three presentations,. and I think we'll go in order of participant number here. So we can have a look at the working design first from participant two.
I'm the Industrial Designer. And we've some basic components that our remote is gonna need,. just basically every remote'll need 'em. We need some kinda of power power source. we have to decide on our our user interface, which is his department,. but the in user interface is also a major component. we need a programmable digital signal processor to to take the input from the user and translate that into into electronic signal, which we pass to the infra-red LED, which you aim at the television which and it receives that signal. You need a on-off switch. And we also need to have the if we want a universal remote we need to have encryption codes for the different makes of T_V_s. So we need to know all the different you know all the different signals. and so that'll require some memory as well. so here's just a basic layout of how how the remote would work. You ha the the power source is in the upper right-hand corner there,. and you can see that we have the user interface here which is connected to the chip which does all our signal processing,. and then passes that signal on to the infra-red LED. and that signal is then emitted and received by the television at the photo-transistor.
We're talking about existing technology.
This is just this is just a basic layout of ev of all the components that w are gonna be absolutely necessary to have a working remote. We can add things in like if we wanted some voice recognition,. I mean that I mean that you can kinda say would would fall under the user interface and the digital signal processing chip.
Do we have an idea of costs of different components?
Well the most the most costly components are gonna be the chip. basically the user interface and the casing are gonna be expensive as well. the LED and the the transistors and everything else are you know they're they're pretty cheap. So depending on what we want our functionality to be, the chip could be expensive or it could be cheap. depending on the amount of memory we need in there and stuff like that and and you know how much power. We we have to wait until we get to a more specific design phase for that. but and I think a significant part of the cost could be the actual the actual casing itself and and you know the the the buttons and things like that, I think. That's all I have really.
So yeah function design. what I found is we want to do fashion. and I think, honestly, we should keep technology low and just simple basically. and try to aim for design. basically a case will will cost the same if it looks good or bad. so we ma we have to make it look good. something cute and small. The big chunky remotes are died in the eighties. And although mo most people will buy televisions and everything for that have loads of loads of little functions and everything. and they mostly end up using simple functions and little things. and most the people won't won't get too mad of actually having to go the to the to the television to, for instance, tune in their the stations. There's no need to have that in the remote. as for what I would recommend for the the interface design, and I will change the colours on the on the logo, but we should go for the user-oriented device,. so simple controls and good ergonomics. and although I th I th I'm still here recommending the teletext so I'll remove that, I guess,
But I I think what the the management recommendation was less that there's a worry that teletext will become outdated rather than we shouldn't have it. So I I still think if it's cheap enough functionality-wise to include, it really should be in there. I mean even if it's necessary or not, if you if you're given the choice between a a remote with teletext or without when it really. if it i if it isn't more expensive for us to make because as far as I understand it, it can be operated with the same set of buttons, yeah?
I it's just the cost of an extra button.
I in the very beginning it said with the with the advent of computers there's gonna be the it's gonna be out-moded teletext. I I don't understand how those two things are connected. How does how does computers and teletext how why is one eliminating the need of the other?
Well maybe what we're getting into here is the the idea of Internet through the TV for example.
The they're basically aiming at saying that you would use you know a couple of years ago teletext to be the easiest way to check like for the scheduling and the next programme and stuff like that. But I still think teletext is way more convenient until until we have the same commodities.
I just I don't see the cross-over between computers and television. I mean I do see the cross-over in some sense,. but but but but with the the remote is is used for television, okay.
Well there there is a for example on digital TV systems you have you can press a button and you can buy things in adverts,. Yeah, and there's other features for example on other systems where you can pause live TV and things like that. They're just features from the Internet from computers are are coming into the TV sort of under the covers,
And all of those require the other commands with more complexity and more software and
If if it's, for example, a trainable one then we're just simply having like an up, down, left, right, an okay button or something like that might might do as well in future proofing it.
But I guess we can remove it
I think if it's possible you should try to you know have a talk with management about that.
I I don't see the logic in elimination of teletext,
Yeah, and neither do I in fact. a a and th the message really we wanna be sending to them is that, although teletext may become outdated there's no logic in not having it in there anyway i if it doesn't affect the price.
But we're not putting some there's no no putting anything in in the place of teletext.
And and we're also marketing a product. It's what I'm seeing is a is a mid-range cost product. So so we can't go and pump a whole bunch of technology into this thing
So if we're keeping it basic we're loo loo what we're looking to sell it basically is it's just being very easy to use, looking exceptionally good, that sort of thing.
And to me if I'm gonna market a product for for beauty for for design I'm gonna I'm gonna try to market it at a much higher price. I want I want to market it as exclusive. So I would market this product it at eighty-nine Euros. and come up with some really beautiful exterior design or something. th but but I don't think we have that flexibility.
But i if design if design is cheap and functionality is basic, then twenty-five Euros is probably a high price for a commoner garden stan standard TV
And if I'm coming in with a with with twenty-five Euros, which is mid-market price, then what am I going to give these people for this?
Just I I would I would advocate for continuing teletext and those would be the basic commands. as for, you know, the the case design maybe I'll come up with more concrete ideas. Right now it's just the idea of simplicity and slickness, cute and small
I'm just thinking you know with all these universal remotes that are out there, how many people how many people actually use every feature. you know i like these trainable remotes and things like that, where, you know, it's just so confusing to do to use all these functions. Where I think the largest portion of the market is just gonna you know they lost their TV remote, they need another one that'll work with their TV. They want something that looks nice,. that you know that maybe it's it's ergonomic, it feels good in your hand, something like that. I think that's gonna be where you're gonna find the biggest, you know, market share. I think the more bells and whistles we add, it's just gonna cut into our into our profits. Because I think as we as we add costs for things like for like if we add the voice recognition and things like that, I think you know what percentage of the of the of the market is actually gonna use that?
But we can talk a little bit more potentially in the marketing marketing presentation about this.
Oh Pedro, I just want to say quickly I I would really like it when you can come up with some more bells and whistles, eh. You know sell things come to my mind is something that's voice-activated. 'Cause and I think of voice-activated. I think of of how many times I've I've lost my my remote and I can't find it. So some way that I can I can find my remote by clapping my hands or something. our our competition out there has got these these multiple adaptors where they can use 'em for their V_C_R_s, their D_V_D_s, their their televisions. And so to me we have to make this a really special product. but I I don't see the market niche for this product without without some really sort of something really special to identify it as as unique in the market.
But we th that should be design. I think technology we'd we we're not in the price range to do it. so we should we should aim at design.
Okay well, so so that's up to you then
Does any of the the features that Pedro's spoken about here have any implications we might not have thought about on in terms of just pure functionality?
I think all these things are pretty standard.
Onto participant four.
'til you spoke and when I wrote this, I don't know what I'm marketing. I just know that I I was identified as a a we identified ourselves as a as a developer, as a manufacturer, and as a as a distributor to other wholesalers. And so the th the twenty-five Euros that we've identified as the sale price is a wholesale price rather than a retail price. so what I did is I I decided that that this this needs to be a product in a in a sense can market itself. We're making the most beautiful attractive whatever we decide it is. so I would like to have a product that that we can sell easily. so having something beauty, something attractive, something that in a sense will sell itself. innovation I think fits into what we're talking about here with design. cutting edge technology, I don't think we're gonna have that,. unless we come up with some New Age product a as far as the casing is concerned. I I talked about environmentally sensitive,. maybe we have a product that can be identified in some way as advantageous in a home. I wanted to talk about who we are as a as a corporation,. that we're new, we're aggressive, we're competitive, we're we're trying to provide a product from a new perspective rather than from an old corporate line. So to me it's about selling our identity our corporate identity along with the product. we're kind of in the middle of the market,. but again, because what I see is budget restrictions and limitations, I don't know that we can bring any new technology into this thing.
And it's kind of along the lines of environmentally sensitive,. and it may even fit into ergonomics,. and even kind of address the issue of losing losing the remote, what we were saying it's a common issue. what we can do is, well you know that batteries throwing a aw remotes run through batteries like crazy. Right? Well maybe not a solar remote. but instead what about if we had like a power cradle? Like a a cradle that is is there to hold the remote when you're not using it,. 'cause you have to put it back there to charge the remote,. and we can, instead of having instead of having, you know, replaceable batteries we'll just have a power cell that stays there for the life of the remote. I I think it's a good opportunity for the user design. You know you could have some kind of neat little, you know, a sexy design for a cradle and the remote itself.
I like the idea,. but we're talking about in cost is gonna probably double.
And you could page the remote if you lose it.
Now the the question is can we make this for less than twelve-fifty per?
No no. No no,. we have we have to change the end cost.
We we well do we necessarily have to change the end cost because Can we dl can we do that without changing it twelve-fifty per product, if we basically can sell more based on this?
I my reaction is no, but
What I can do is I can look into ho well Pedro and I can look into how much this might increase our our costs
We we can certainly push for a more expensive product if that's gonna be
Well, see I I see I I'm an advocate to make this an exclusive product. Let's make this thing really exclusive, environmentally sensitive, high-tech design, ergonomics, all of this.
I just don't know about that, because in order to do that in order to price it at that kind of level I think we'd need to have every functionality that all the other competitors are offering. like being able to operate, you know, the DVD player and, you know, the stereo system and all that. Which is a pretty basic function that we've opted out of.
I think we can say with certainty now that we are supporting teletext.
But I do think there are some basic features that we don't have that a lot of other remotes are going to have.
They gave us a fundament a foundation of of what they want,. and and it's our place to kinda analyse and evaluate. I don't know what kind of role we have in this in the corporate ladder,. do we follow their directives or do we make presentations back and and then and then discuss? beca I I do not I do not see the market niche for the product that they're handing handing us right now.
I think our market niche is basically people who need who have lost their remote. and then they're gonna look on the shelf and they're gonna see ours is the nicest looking remote.
I th I think it's important to remember that that this remote has to work with multiple T_V_s, yeah,. 'cause it's selling on its own. All you need to do is train them to the individual one,
They've identified the product as not working for anything but televisions. If we if if we were going to have a product that worked for D_V_D_s, V_C_R_s and everything, then I can see the market niche,. because who wants just a television remote?
If you're in the market for this ultimate remote, you're not gonna go for just a television remote.
So we really can't chase that. We're really looking for something basic. The the one thing that that that you said really struck a chord with me here in that we're we're carrying the corporate identity with the product,. where I'd be inclined to go back to upper-level management and say like let's just cut down our profit expected on this product because we are actually branding our company here. We're trying to get mind-share about Real Reaction to to the people who are gonna buy consumer electronics. And and we're gonna make it we're gonna win mind-share by either being a fantastic product. or for it working, it just being good, reasonable-priced, and solid.
W okay if you if you drop the cost, now if you make if you make go to the other side of the cost scale, and you make it less expensive, then all of a sudden now we're going into an a a new market area. But what I'm saying is right now we're middle market.
Is twenty-five Euros a mid-market price for a remote?
We have to have something that will change people's thinking to identify this as advantageous,. It's gotta be low-cost or high-cost with with special design features.
Well I'd be inclined to say, if we can make the design better than any comparable remote while reducing the cost, then that's the way we really should play it. If we can take it down to you know fifteen rather than twenty-five and make a low profit-margin on it,. And I can communicate this to to the more senior people within the company here to to get a reaction. I I don't wanna go over somewhere and put it down. It i if it is gonna be somewhere that you put it down then it needs to be at the side of your armchair,. and that implies that there's only one TV user.
It would last for several hours on its own power,. but when you're done with it you put it back in the cradle.
But it it takes away the ease of use of the remote to a certain extent. I I I I think it it in my mind it doesn't seem like something that oh I'd really want because of that fact.
Well, I think again it's it we have a cost issue here.
We should keep it simple, medium-low cost mar cost area and make it look good.
The box is gonna sell it I think, the outside, the casing. Can can can we have multiple designs? and so so instead of them all looking the same, people can have maybe four or five different designs they can choose from. I don't know what that creates cost, or
Yeah we we need to, I mean, have a few designs to look at. I think what's really important is it has to look good,. it has to be durable,. it has to a and I think it's really important that it doesn't look cheap.
What about a a remote that's that doesn't maybe look like a remote? it it opens like a telephone.
Or what if it looks like a pen?
I don't have a problem selling a product,. Once you have the finished product I'll find a way to sell it.
Un unless you guys are die-hard against the fact that it's possible like it reduces the usability of the remote and the fact that you can't lose it on your own, I think it still might be a good idea to investigate having like a power cradle. Because I really think i in a certain sense it almost like for me I would want to have that just, because I know at the end of when I'm done watching TV that when I'm done, oh I better go find the remote and put it back where it belongs.
One thing I just thought about when you were saying that, is that the our target market is gonna be someone who has lost or broken. Can we can we sell them a remote that can maybe guarantee they will not need to buy another one? And so with with with this kind of system or locator or something, to to think about, how have people been been losing or breaking their remote? And and then and then design the product, maybe some component of the product that can identify this as the last one you'll ever need to buy.
Whereas actually just putting it in a power cradle might not be too expensive at all
The locator'll definitely be more expensive.
Need to look into whether we can do that
I think one of the things that we can put right on the box is, never buy another battery.